<html><body><p>This is a completely non-exhaustive list of topics, as suggested by the Creative Commons community. To add your suggestion to the list, email matt@creativecommons.org.nz

</p><h4>Education</h4>

Open textbooks

What resources does the BoT own?

Students and CC

MOOCs

Reusing OERs

Finding OERs

Research on OERs

Open education and school cultures

Changing practice: Advice for educators

How/why schools have moved to open licencing



<strong>Research</strong>



What's in a publishing contract?

Embargo periods

On institutional repositories

OA and learned societies

Why libre?

altmetrics

The cost of publishing

New experiments in publishing

Negotiating with publishers

OA and the media

Will OA change the form of academic writing?

OA and PBRF



<strong>Data</strong>



On the variety of institutional rights statements

CC licensing in the heritage sector

Technology and open collections

Traditional Knowledge

Orphan works

Crowd sourcing and copyright

Metadata

Talking to donors and depositors about open

Sweat of the brow

Picture libraries

Opening film and television archives

Publishers experiences with reusing heritage works

Semantic web. Meta data on ALL THE THINGS

<h4>Arts</h4>

Publishers and open licensing

Publishing agreements and CC

Copyright and the art gallery

Photography in the art gallery

Remixing music: what counts as infringement?

APRA and Creative Commons

Appropriation Art in NZ

NZ examples IP use in criticism, satire - grey areas

Who owns the copyright when nobody pushes the shutter button (automation, AI, animals!)

How moral right of artist ended up in the UN Human rights dec

<h4>Copyright</h4>

What does 'fair' mean in fair dealing?

What are collecting societies?

Moral rights and open licences

International agreements

Who gets copyright after the creator dies?

What would fair use mean in NZ?

What is WIPO and what does it do?

Comments on copyright reform

Copyright history

Relevant Court decisions

Copyright terms for different media

How NZ copyright varies from other english speaking countries that you may read blogs from

Access for disabled - law, treaties, morals, tech

<h4>Data</h4>

On the various open data licences

Privacy and openness

What can be done with data?

The importance of open standards

From open to transparent

Recipes for Funders - how to ensure your grant money results in opendata



 </body></html>